---
inFeed: true
hasPage: true
inNav: false
inLanguage: null
starred: false
keywords: []
description: ''
datePublished: '2016-03-04T00:35:46.185Z'
dateModified: '2016-03-04T00:35:40.451Z'
title: ''
author: []
authors: []
publisher:
  name: null
  domain: null
  url: null
  favicon: null
sourcePath: _posts/2016-03-04-1959d447-0593-481d-a92e-475257e204f5.md
published: true
url: 1959d447-0593-481d-a92e-475257e204f5/index.html
_type: Article

---
> Student feedback - do students read the feedback that tutors give them?

Sometimes I wonder when I've given feedback to students... I wonder whether they've read in-depth what feedback I've taken the time to give them. I imagine that some will read over everything in great detail, and perhaps reading 'into' the feedback for some hint of positive or negative tones. I also am sure some take a short, cursory look over the feedback and then jump straight to the final mark/grade (if there is one!) without really considering the feedback. 

Feedback can be important to look over though. It can give a clear insight into what needs to be improved within one's own writing, and sometimes why the improvement is needed. Other feedback might only correct what has been written by the writer, such as spelling, grammar, punctuation but even also ideas and logical flow of ideas. However, I don't agree with correcting anything within a student's piece of writing without providing some sort of explanation as to why a correction has been suggested. 

In this case, one solution is a writing correction code with correction codes and explanations that highlight and explain the codes in some depth - this can greatly assist the novice writer in better understanding where they can improve upon, and also why they'd need to improve upon the noted areas for improvement (for example, word order, logic and flow of ideas, style issues and so on). 

Students need to be trained in using a writing code, however, in order for it to be made accessible, understandable and useful. A 60-90 minute session on a writing correction code should be enough to allow for students to become acquainted with, analyze and be able to use the writing correction code that a tutor has come up with (or, perhaps the tutor and students can come up with a writing code together in a collaborative manner). 

Just my thoughts on this though...